now Samuel said to all Israel
indeed I have heeded your voice in all
that you said to me and have made a king
over you and now here is the King
walking before you and I am old and
grey-headed and look my sons are with
you I have walked before you from my
childhood to this day Here I am witness
against me before the Lord and before
his anointed whose ox have I taken or
whose donkey have I taken or whom have I
cheated whom have I oppressed or from
whose hand have I received any bribe
with which to blind my eyes I will
restore it to you you have not cheated
us or oppressed us nor have you taken
anything from any man's hand the Lord is
witness against you and is anointed his
witness this day that you have not found
anything in my hand
he is witness it is the Lord who raised
up Moses and Aaron and who brought your
father's up from the land of Egypt
now therefore stand still that I may
reason with you before the Lord
concerning all the righteous acts of the
Lord which he did to you
and your fathers when Jacob had gone
into Egypt and your fathers cried out to
the Lord then the Lord sent Moses and
Aaron who brought your fathers out of
Egypt and made them dwell in this place
and when they forgot the Lord their God
he sold them into the hand of Cesaro
commander of the army of Hayes arm into
the hand of the Philistines and into the
hand of the king of Moab and they fought
against them then they cried out to the
Lord and said we have sinned because we
have forsaken the Lord and served the
bales and ashteroth
but now deliver us from the hand of our
enemies and we will serve you and the
Lord sent Jeroboam beaten Jephthah
and Samuel and delivered you out of the
hand of your enemies on every side and
you dwelt in safety and when you saw
that Nash
king of the ammonites came against you
you said to me no but a king shall reign
over us
and the Lord your God was your king now
therefore here is the king whom you have
chosen and whom you have desired and
take note if the Lord has set a king
over you if you fear the Lord and serve
Him and obey his voice and do not rebel
against the commandment of the Lord then
both you and the king who reigns over
you will continue following the Lord
your God however if you do not obey the
voice of the Lord but rebel against the
commandment of the Lord then the hand of
the Lord will be against you as it was
against your father's now therefore
stand and see this great thing which the
Lord will do before your eyes is today
not the wheat harvest I will call to the
Lord and he will send thunder and rain
that you may perceive and see that your
wickedness is great which you have done
in the sight of the Lord in asking a
king for yourselves
so Samuel called to the Lord and the
Lord sent thunder and rain that day and
all the people greatly feared the Lord
and Samuel
and all the people said to Samuel pray
for your servants to the Lord your God
that we may not die for we have added to
all our sins the evil of asking a king
for ourselves do not fear you have done
all this wickedness yet do not turn
aside from following the Lord
but serve the Lord with all your heart
and do not turn aside
for then you would go after empty things
which cannot profit or deliver for they
are nothing
for the Lord will not forsake his people
for his great name's sake because it has
pleased the Lord to make you his people
moreover as for me far be it from me
that I should sin against the Lord and
ceasing to pray for you that I will
teach you
and the right way only fear the Lord and
serve him in truth with all your heart
who consider what great things he has
done for you but if you still do
wickedly
you shall be swept away both you and
your king
[Music]
you